Update Software_support_life_cycles.md (#2033)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/Software_support_life_cycles.md

- **End of Engineering**: Feature will no longer be updated, but will still be supported.
- **End of Support**: Feature will no longer be updated and no longer be supported.
- **End of Life**: Feature or compatibility will be removed.

> ### Operating System support
> 
> Skyline provides support for all supported DataMiner versions that run on an operating system that is supported by Microsoft.

Reviewer: Instead of adding this as a separate section, I'd propose to add it as a note under "Third-party software support life cycle":

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> For all supported DataMiner versions, we support all Windows versions that Microsoft currently supports.
```

Author: I agree that a note is the better option here and the suggested change looks good to me.
